feat(changelog): generative-apis-added-glm-52-is-now-available 2026-06-26 (#6642)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2026/2026-06-26-generative-apis-added-glm-52-is-now-available.mdx

---
title: GLM 5.2 is now available
status: added
date: 2026-06-26
category: ai-data
product: generative-apis
---

> [GLM 5.2](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#chat-and-vision-models) is now available on Generative APIs. GLM 5.2 is the best open-weight models as of June 2026 for agentic and coding tasks in most benchmarks. It can be plugged into your [favorite agentic tools or IDE](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#chat-and-vision-models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GLM 5.2](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-text-and-vision) is now available on Generative APIs. As of June 2026, GLM 5.2 is the best open-weight model for agentic and coding tasks in most benchmark evaluations. It can be plugged into your [favorite agentic tools or IDE](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-text-and-vision).
```
